Add an explicit Python driver and a drivers that reads from configuration files (#150)
IDAES/idaes-gtep: gtep/examples/README.md

# GTEP Examples and Configuration Files

## Overview

> GTEP can be run using `main_driver.py` with a TOML configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GTEP can be run using `driver_from_config.py` with a TOML configuration file.
```

Author: I corrected the driver name.
